Update network-file-system-protocol-support-how-to.md (#110152)
Azure/azure-content: articles/storage/blobs/network-file-system-protocol-support-how-to.md

     mount -o sec=sys,vers=3,nolock,proto=tcp <storage-account-name>.blob.core.windows.net:/<storage-account-name>/<container-name>  /nfsdata
     ```

> [!NOTE]

> > Other nfs v3 mount options can be used awhile mounting as they are all mostly client side options and only affect the client behaviours. For sec option, **sys** is the only supported values as of now. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Other optional parameters are available with the mount command. Those parameters primarily affect client-side behavior. `sys` is the only value that is currently supported by the `sec` option.
```
